Data_Description.md, before:

CSE599 Project: BioReactor-Data-Logging     
02/17/16    
Kathrin Cogert   
Alex Beryshev  
Michael Newton   
Alexey Gilman  

Purpose: 
====================
The purpose of this project is to combine multiple data files from sensors, control-unit outputs, and manual entry into a single dataframe. The combined data will then be plotted in an interactive way for improved data-analysis and experimental turnover. The datatypes are described below. 

---------
Files
---------
**SampleDataLive.csv** - Bioreactor generated dataset which includes time-stamped data from probes, mass flow controllers, and pumps. Contains a total of 17 columns: Date,Media Pump,Water Pump,Gas Pump,Acid Pump,Base Pump,N2 Valve,Untitled 6,N2 Mass Flow Controller,N2 MFC Set Point,pH,DO,NH4,pH Amp (A),DO Amp (A),NH4 Amp (A),Reactor Status. 


**Gallery_Analyzer.csv** - Data file is generated when the operator takes a sample for analysis in the Gallery-Analyzer spectrophotomer. The operator typically does this once or twise per day for the duration of the experiment. The resulting file is a time-stamped .csv file that contains numerous data columns. Only several of the data columns are relevant for the purposes of this research. The objective is to filter the relevant data from "result" column and merge with the previous data file.

Commit message:

Final revisions from Alexey and Kathryn.  Signing off for this week. Good night and good luck.

Data_Description.md, after:

CSE599 Project: BioReactor-Data-Logging     
02/17/16    
Kathryn Cogert   
Alex Beryshev  
Michael Newton   
Alexey Gilman  

Purpose:
====================
The purpose of this project is to combine multiple data files from sensors, control-unit outputs, and manual entry into a single dataframe. The combined data will then be plotted in an interactive way for improved data-analysis and experimental turnover. The datatypes are described below.

---------
Files
---------
**SampleDataLive.csv** - Bioreactor generated dataset which includes time-stamped data from probes, mass flow controllers, and pumps. Contains a total of 17 columns:
- Date - _Timestamp_, this is the date and time that this point was logged
- Media Pump - _Boolean_, this indicates whether media pump was on at that time
- Water Pump - _Boolean_, this indicates whether water pump was on at that time
- Gas Pump - _Boolean_, this indicates whether gas pump was on at that time
- Acid Pump - _Boolean_, this indicates whether acid pump was on at that time
- Base Pump - _Boolean_, this indicates whether base pump was on at that time
- N2 Valve - _Boolean_, this indicates whether Nitrogen valve was open at that time
- Untitled 6 - Spare column, useless for now :)
- N2 Mass Flow Controller - _Float_, this indicates what flowrate from nitrogen canister was at that time
- N2 MFC Set Point - _Float_, this indicates what the set point on the MFC was at that time (determined via a PID control loop)
- pH - _Float_, this indicates what the pH was
- DO - _Float_, this indicates what the dissolved oxygen was in mg/L
- NH4 - _Float_, this indicates what the ammonium concentration was in mg/L  
- pH Amp (A) - _Float_, indicates amperage from pH transmitter (4-20 mA)
- DO Amp (A) _Float_, indicates amperage from dissolved oxygen transmitter (4-20 mA)
- NH4 Amp (A) _Float_, indicates amperage from ammonium transmitter (4-20 mA)
- Reactor Status _Integer_, indicates what phase the reactor is in.  Each number corresponds to a phase in the cycle.


**Gallery_Analyzer.csv** - Data file is generated when the operator takes a sample from the reactor for analysis in the Gallery-Analyzer spectrophotomer. The operator typically does this once every day or every other day for the duration of the experiment. The analyzer returns a .csv file that the operator will moved to a flash drive.  The file contains numerous data columns. Only several of the data columns are relevant for the purposes of this research, namely the "Result" column and the "Sample/ctrl ID" column. The objective is to filter the relevant data (using the sample ID which will contain a timestamp in a string format) from the "result" column and merge with the previous data file.
